Add first
Commit second
Push third

car license plate George Friend 5590

Internal is accessible right in the same Assembly but not different Assembly,
even if you inherit from that class, is stay going to be inaccessible.

Protected Internal is accessible

Class members mark with the Internal and Protected Internal Access Modifiers
are not accessiable from outside the class but they are accessible from within the class....
When you create instance of that class you will not see the protected memebers

When a class member is mark with the Protected Internal Access Modifier you can
access those members by inheriting from the class, than all those members mark with
the Protected Internal Access Modifiers will be accessible in different Assembly, but 
Members mark with Internal will not be accessible...


When a Class member is mark with the Protected Access modifier,
those members are only accessible from within the Class only, if you want to
access members mark with the Protected Accessible modifier, you will
have to inherit from the class, than you will be able to get access to 
the protected members of that class

Whan a Class member is mark with the Private Access Modifier
those members are only accessible from within the Class only...


Whan a Class member is mark with the Public Access Modifier
those members are accessible from Class and in other Assemblies...


In Short Term
C# Five types of Access Modifiers...
By Default all fields are private from within Class...
But when use with the public Access modifier fields become Pubic.

1. Private Members - Not accessible from outside the class and not accessible in other Assemblies...

2. Public Members - Accessible from outside the class and also in other Assemblies...

3. Protected Members - Not accessible from outside the class and not accessible in other Assemblies...
to get access on protected members, Your class have to Derived from the Parent class to be able to 
access the Protected Members....

4. Internal Members - Not accessible from outside the class but accessible from within the same Assemblies

5. Protected Internal - Not accessible from outside the class but accessible from within the Same Assembles
and also accessible in Derived classes....







